---
title: "Update existing documentation"
description: "Update existing documentation"
localization_priority: Normal
author: "davidmu1"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# Update existing documentation 

The following sections provide optional and required documentation steps when updating or adding to workload APIs:

- [Set up environment](#set-up-environment)
- [Add or update an API topic](#add-or-update-an-api-topic)
- [Add or update a resource topic](#add-or-update-a-resource-topic)
- [Add table of contents (TOC) entries](#add-table-of-contents-entries)
- [Add changelog entries](#add-changelog-entries)
- [Create a PR and request a technical review](#request-a-technical-review)
- [Request a content review](#request-a-content-review)
- [Publish](#publish)

These actions are not necessarily done in order and may be completed by different individuals.

## Set up environment

1. **(Required if you are new to creating documentation)** Use the information in [Get started with GitHub and Microsoft Graph](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/manage-content/get-started-with-github.html) to create a Github account and get started using GitHub.
2. **(Required if you are new to creating documentation)** Choose the tools that you want to use to interact with GitHub:
    - Visual Studio Code. For more information, see [Markdown and Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/Docs/languages/markdown). For more information about Markdown syntax, see [Docs Markdown Reference](https://review.docs.microsoft.com/help/contribute/markdown-reference?branch=master).
    - GitHub Windows Desktop. For more information, see [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/).
    - Command-line tools. For more information, see [Getting Started - The Command Line](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-The-Command-Line).
3. **(Required)** Create a working branch in GitHub. Always add or update content through a pull request from a personal branch. Do not use the **Upload files** button on GitHub. If you are submitting a set of changes, be sure to make all your changes in a single branch and not multiple separate branches. This improves processing and publishing efficiency. Do not use a fork because it adds complexity in the content review stage. For more information, see [Contribute content to the Microsoft Graph repository](graph-manage-docs.md).

## Add or update an API topic

All of the steps in this section are optional depending on the type of updates you are doing.

1. You should use the stub generator to create new API topics in the following scenarios:
    - If you're adding multiple properties to an existing resource, you can save time by copying the generated JSON representation of the new properties to the existing topic of the corresponding parent resource.
    - A large scale update needs to be made to existing API docs (where overwriting the existing docs is preferred over updating them). Extreme care should be taken when using this scenario.
    
    Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html).
2. If you ran the stub generator scripts, copy the API and resource files that you created to the appropriate folders in the working branch that you created.
3. Add information to the new or existing API topics using the following guidance:
    - Use a single sentence to summarize the purpose of the API. Add links to any referenced resources.
    - Provide any information that is relevant to using the API, before the **Permissions** section.
    - Add applicable permissions to the Permissions table.
    - Add any HTTP request examples to the **HTTP request** section.
    - Document applicable parameters, such as OData query parameters, path parameters, and function parameters. You may need to customize parameter documentation under the appropriate section.
    - Add request headers that apply, stating which ones are required or optional. In stub generated files, remove those headers that don't apply, for example, content-type for an API that doesn't use a request body.
    - Include properties in the request body that apply. Enhance descriptions where helpful.
    - Describe any returned object in the Response section and provide a link to its topic. If applicable, you can include error code information here as well, by adding an H3 Errors section.
    - Replace the existing generated pseudo examples by ones that are common use cases of your API. Provide real-looking property values, not pseudo property values. Make sure you tag examples appropriately to enable API Doctor to maintain their currency over time. Note: there is no action item for authors adding or updating REST examples to enable the interactive try-it experience embedded in an API topic, or to add or update language-dependent example code snippets. The weekly automated sweep on Tuesdays is intended to make the necessary updates to maintain these two experiences.
    - Provide any additional links to related concept topics, or other related API topics that haven't been linked to in context earlier in the topic in a See also section.
4.	In the Methods section of the parent resource topic, make sure the API method is part of the methods table, and has a consistent description.

## Add or update a resource topic

### Add properties

All of the steps in this section are optional depending on the type of updates you are doing.

1. You should use the stub generator to create new resource topics in the following scenarios:
    - If you're adding multiple properties to an existing resource, you can save time by copying the generated JSON representation of the new properties to the existing topic of the corresponding parent resource.
    - A large scale update needs to be made to existing API docs (where overwriting the existing docs is preferred over updating them). Extreme care should be taken when using this scenario.
    
    Microsoft Graph uses CSDL (and XML format) for defining its API surface. The stub generator scripts produce stub markdown files based on the definitions in the CSDL file. Do not change the file names that are generated by the tool. Do not reorder sections in a generated topic. Do not customize generated table columns. For more information, see [Use the Microsoft Graph REST API docs stub generator](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/stub-generator.html).
2. If you ran the stub generator scripts, copy the lines in the JSON representation section and Properties section that pertain to the new properties.
3. Add information to the new or existing resource topics using the following guidance:
    - Update the Properties section by adding or updating a table row for each property, providing the type and relevant description. If there's more content than a table cell can reasonably display, consider creating a separate section with an H3 heading following the properties table.
    - Add any new navigation properties to the Relationships section, and not to the Properties section.
    - In the JSON representation section, update the JSON that is enclosed in the HTML comment at the top of this section. In particular, make sure the following attributes are specified correctly where applicable: @odata.type, baseType, keyProperty, openType, optionalProperties. Also, add any new navigation properties to the list of optionalProperties. See details for how to [describe a resource in a JSON object](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/api-doctor-validate-examples.html#describe-a-resource-example-request-or-example-response-in-a-json-object).
    - In the actual JSON definition, add or update the property name and type.
    - Include properties in existing examples where applicable, for example, if a GET operation includes the properties in its response. If helpful to customers, or if the new properties are for a compelling scenario, create new examples to show usage of the new properties.

## Add table of contents entries

It is required that you add entries in the table of contents (TOC) if you are adding new resources or APIs. Open either the beta or v1.0 toc.yml file in the branch that you created and add the TOC entries for the APIs that you are adding. For more information, see [Microsoft Graph TOC and Topic Title Guidelines](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/toc-and-topic-title.html).

The following is a YAML example of an entry in the TOC that shows a resource and the methods that can be called on the resource:

```yaml
- name: User
  href: resources/user.md
  items:
    - name: List users
      href: api/user-list.md
    - name: Get user
      href: api/user-get.md
    - name: Create user
      href: api/user-post-users.md
    - name: Update user
      href: api/user-update.md
    - name: Delete user
      href: api/user-delete.md
```

Note that sometimes a method is relevant and exposed in more than one context in the TOC, to show the potential of Microsoft Graph. For example, a user-centric method like sendMail appears under the **Users >> Mail** node and under the **Mail >> Message** node.
Think where your documentation should appear in the TOC, and the TOC titles you want to use. Base this off the existing TOC to maintain consistency across all the content.

## Add changelog entries

It is required that you add entries in the changelog for the APIs and resources that you are adding. For more information, see [Microsoft Graph changelog guidelines](https://msgo.azurewebsites.net/add/document/guidelines/changelog.html).

## Create a PR and request a technical review

All of the steps in this section are required.

1. Create the pull request (PR). Set the label of the pull request to **do not merge**. When you receive the build verification email, you’ll be able to preview your content. For more information, see [Contribute content to the Microsoft Graph repository](graph-manage-docs.md).
2. Request a technical review of the content from those who are subject-matter experts for the APIs. The technical review generally creates several actions and changes. The review process can be time consuming; however, it is necessary to ensure technical accuracy, compliance, and completeness. To complete a technical review, you invite reviewers in the PR that you previously created. Reviewers can include a content developer, the developer of the API, and the PM for the workload. 

    Select **Reviewers** on the **Conversation** page of the PR, and then search for and select the reviewers that you want to include. For more information see, [Requesting a pull request review](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/requesting-a-pull-request-review).

    Reviewers that want to request changes to the content can select **Request changes**. This indicates that the PR is not yet ready to merge. When the feedback has been addressed, change the review status on the PR to **Approved**. PRs should only be merged when all reviewers have set the status to **Approved**, but this may not be necessary for all PRs. For more information, see [About pull request reviews](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-reviews).

## Request a content review

When the content has been reviewed and revised to be technically accurate, set the label to **content review**. The content review can include a content developer, but always includes the person who merges PRs. The PR is reviewed for consistency, compliance, globalization, adherence to guidelines, etc. 

After the review process is complete, incorporate any feedback that was provided in the PR. When all feedback has been incorporated, reviewers have signed off, and the APIs have been released live, set the label to **ready to merge**, and then the topics are published.

## Publish

 PRs that are ready to merge are merged before 3 PM on weekdays. All [API Doctor](graph-api-doctor.md) and OPS build validation tests must pass before merging. At or after 3 PM weekdays, all PRs that have been merged into the master branch are pulled into the live branch to publish to the site.
